#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.0
    # via librosa
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.102.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-tools==1.57.0
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.0
    # via uvicorn
httpx[http2]==0.24.1
    # via qdrant-client
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via librosa
librosa==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via librosa
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.1
    # via librosa
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soxr
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
pooch==1.7.0
    # via librosa
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via qdrant-client
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.24.2
    # via grpcio-tools
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   qdrant-client
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   portalocker
pywinpty==2.0.11
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qdrant-client==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via librosa
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via librosa
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.3.6
    # via librosa
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   librosa
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
